hi I'm ace small-town Tennessee boy
who's been quietly plugging away
building a conglomerate of businesses
and creating a small Empire using a
pretty predictable process to take
ownership in businesses of all kinds and
all kinds of industries now I don't work
at some investment bank the fact I
started with less than a couple thousand
dollars in the bank and I didn't start
any of these businesses from scratch but
I was able to gain ownership and passive
income from businesses who were
enthusiastic to turn their business over
to me either
completely or partner with me to help
grow their business it's time passed I
begin to create a system and this system
allowed me to take over powerful
businesses with none of my own money I
wasn't sure if I was just lucky or if I
really had a true framework that anyone
could use so twelve months ago I set out
to answer this question because honestly
it was bugging me I had questions like
that this process just worked for me or
could anyone use it are other people
held back by what society conditions
them to believe that entrepreneurship
has to be risky or hard
what really stops people from owning a
business that gives them freedom see I
was surrounded by people who talked
about their desire to own a business and
would come to me and ask me how they
could get started buying businesses like
I did but I never saw them take action
so I took a hodgepodge of everyday
people completely normal people with no
special business-related talents and
even some failed entren ors who had
never successfully built a company that
gave them the freedom that they wanted I
gave them the very same framework I've
used to buy over five businesses that
were profit
outright and equity and seven other
profitable businesses that produce
passive income for me without me ever
have me use any of my own money this is
what I realize how terrible traditional
advice is see there are seven problems
that I have with a lot of the advice
that entrepreneurs
usually give the first problem is people
have been told they need a special
talent or skill to start their business
so what if you don't have any special
talent or skill or expertise that people
willing to pay for but you want to start
a business you want to own a profitable
business and achieve your own American
Dream how do you start that business
when you don't have any unique special
skill to offer my second problem is if
you want to start a business we need
that magical idea it's the idea that our
friends and our family and everyone we
meet thinks is absolutely brilliant it
also has to be magical in the sense that
no one has ever thought of it before
plus it has to be sexy and so we come up
with an idea but then we find out that
there's competition we get bombed and we
go back to the drawing board to find the
next magical idea to build a business
that's going to give us freedom so the
entrepreneur never gets started while
they wait on that unique I did probably
three see we all have been around and
seen these people who are raising
hundreds of thousands and even millions
of dollars to start their business we
know we don't have access to that kind
of money so many of us figure we can't
own a small proper business without
going out and raising money so is it
there another way without having access
to that much capital here's probably
four start a business takes 12 hours a
day minimum we have to sacrifice time
with friends and family to be successful
everyone knows this
starting a business from scratch is
tough we can't spend time with our
friends or partners or our children
we've got to work instead they say hey
you can't have everything and that's
usually the advice that we get from
society
problem number five we're told that the
credit business we need to do it in
something that we have an undying
passion about but what if we don't even
know what our passion is or what if our
passion isn't something not related to
making money does that really make sense
here's problem 6c we've all been told
starting a business from scratch is
risky it takes a lot of guts and it
takes even more luck and the really
scary thing is if you do step out there
and start this business from scratch
what were your friends think about you
what were your family think about you if
it doesn't work out so many people sit
on the sidelines and never jump out to
take that risk but there has to be ways
to limit that risk and here's problem
number seven you know deep down many of
us have doubts we think hey maybe I'm
just not smart enough I mean why are
some people so successful at creating
businesses and I've never been able to
get started you know that they aren't
smarter than you deep down inside you
just may not know the things that they
know but we still question ourselves
hey maybe some people are born with it
if you've ever searched for advice about
any of these topics you'll discover it's
constantly and quite honestly carelessly
written about by many so-called experts
who bottom line have never owned a
profitable business and most certainly
have never gone out and bought a
profitable business and experienced with
that's life most of the articles and
information written on the topic of
hospital ship never talks about the idea
of buying a business and the power that
that can give an entrepreneur so all of
the nonsense that's out there creates an
entire group
the people who have extreme desires for
freedom but have no idea about the many
options out there to obtain their goal
instead they end up buying Magic Bullet
products coming up with Magic Bullet
ideas that they think are gonna turn
them into instant millionaires many
people fall into network marketing and
other things that just have a very high
failure rate I mean I'm a fan of
anything that works for people but you
have to look at how many people are
failing in the business that you're
choosing to go into before you jump into
others and buying solutions and systems
that have some unique new poll and they
buy them from people who make more money
selling the information than they
actually do implementing their own
system you know there's no place that
includes a set of principles that are
both of these things one removes the
risk of starting a business from scratch
because there are